Update Qwen3-Coder docs_new NVIDIA guidance (#24435)
sgl-project/sglang: docs_new/cookbook/autoregressive/Qwen/Qwen3-Coder.mdx

==================================================
```

#### 5.1.2 NVIDIA (B200/GB200) Standard Scenario Benchmark

> The following runs use the same random dataset benchmark client commands as the AMD section. On GB200, launch the server with `--tp 4 --ep 4`.

Reviewer: Hi @wenscarl , thanks for contributing! Can you kindly add what command you use explicitly here? Also which GPU? This might be a little confusing here. Thanks!

Author: Updated.

> The following runs use the same random dataset benchmark client commands as the AMD section. On B200, launch the server with `SGLANG_USE_AITER=0 python -m sglang.launch_server --model Qwen/Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B-Instruct-FP8 --tp 8 --ep 8 --context-length 8192 --page-size 32 --trust-remote-code`.

Reviewer: Can you please double check on the command here? This is different from what generated from the command generator.

Author: Good catch. The B200 benchmark command should use `--tp 8 --ep 8`. I’ll update the command generator config for B200 480B from `{ tp: 8 }` to `{ tp: 8, ep: 8 }` so the generated command matches the documented benchmark command.

Reviewer: Do you think if this makes sense?
```suggestion
The following runs use the same random dataset benchmark client commands as the AMD section. On B200, launch the server with the following command:

```bash
sglang serve --model Qwen/Qwen3-Coder-480B-A35B-Instruct-FP8 --tp 8 --ep 8 --context-length 8192 --page-size 32 --trust-remote-code
``````

Author: Suggestion adopted.

> For deployment commands, see [Section 3.1](#31-configuration).

Reviewer: Same here

Author: The full command is updated in the previous section.
